# Jeopardy!

Jeopardy is America's favorite trivia game show!! Answer questions right and you receive the monetary value of the question, answer wrong and you lose it.  Make as much money as you can by answering questions correctly before there are no more left!

## User Stories

* As a player, I want to be able to input the answer in many different cases.
* As a player, I want to be able to input the same answer in multiple ways.
* As a player, I want to be awarded money for right answers and pay money for wrong answers.
* As a player, I want questions I have already asked to be unable to be asked again.
* As a player, I want my game to end when all the questions are asked (Silver)
* As a player, I want my high score logged and compared to my friends (Gold)

### Technologies Used
Three main technologies were used to create the Jeopardy Game.  A web page was developed using HTML, Cascading Style Sheets, or CSS and JavaScript; each do different special jobs.

HTML was used only for structuring content.
CSS was used for applying all visual styles.
JavaScript was used for all interactive functionality,

## Installing

To install, clone a copy from github repository the username is alman92 the repository is named jeopardy.git

git@github.com:alman92/jeopardy.git

## Approach Taken

Jeopardy was written as a JavaScript intensive game.  The objective is to score as high as possible by answering the most questions correctly.  Each category is generated by an array and each column is generated by looping through that array with its own array.  Questions are selected using $(this).  All content except the containers is generated in JavaScript and styled in CSS.  HTML is used minimally.

## Author

* Alex Manno
